Add tailwind appendix (#245)
ember-learn/cli-guides: guides/appendix/live-reload.md

> Integrating with ember's live-reload system can be fairly straight-forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most JavaScript dependencies, installing them in your Ember app can be as quick as `npm install <some-package name>`. However, there are some libraries within the JavaScript ecosystem that work best when they are configured to integrate with Ember's live-reload features. One example is Tailwind. In this guide, you will learn how to install and configure libraries that use live-reload.
```

Author: updated

In short, any tool that can output or change files automatically can be used to add live-reload behavior.

The process is:

- emit some file to either the `public` or `app` tree
- `link` or `import` the file from existing `ember` code

An example of this behavior and integration can be shown with a CSS authoring tool, Tailwind.

> [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) is a popular way to use utility-first classes in projects that helps unify large projects using design-tokens-as-code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) is a popular way to use utility-first CSS classes in an app. It can be used within many front end frameworks, including Ember.
```

Author: updated

+ "tailwind:build": "npx tailwindcss -i ./tailwind-input.css -o ./public/assets/tailwind.css",
+ "tailwind:watch": "npx tailwindcss -i ./tailwind-input.css -o ./public/assets/tailwind.css --watch",
+ "build": "npm run tailwind:build && ember build --environment=production",
- "build": "ember build --environment=production",
```

In addition to the two new scripts, `tailwind:build` and `tailwind:watch`, the `build` script, which was preexisting for production builds, has been prefixed with a call to `tailwind:build` so that the tailwind assets are prepped for shipping to production (useful for C.I.)

The above scripts expect that an input file, `./tailwind-input.css` will exist, and the tailwind CLI will output the compiled styles at `public/assets/tailwind.css`. Since this tailwind.css output file is in the public folder, changes to it will cause the `ember s` command to rebuild.

A couple notes though:
- `npm run tailwind:watch` must be run in a separate terminal for development
- it may be beneficial to add `public/assets/tailwind.css` to the `.gitignore`

Lastly, we need to edit the `app/index.html` file to include the `tailwind.css` file:

```html

> <link integrity="" rel="stylesheet" href="{{rootURL}}assets/tailwind.css">`

Reviewer 2: There is an extra tick or whatever that little thing at the end of the line is called.

Author: thanks!
